The Joe Rogan.
Experience, now that it has a difference. And then, you know,
if you want to go further and talk about the ghosts that show up definitely goes
to Denver, show you the picture of my ghost.
You have a picture of a ghost.
Didn't I show you that. Did I ever show you that Jamie?
No. You have a ghost. I have a ghost. Where are your house?
I apologize if I'm repeating myself.
I don't know if you are. I don't remember this, but.
I got one of those nest cameras. Oh.
The nest cameras captured a ghost.
Yeah. And I was at the comedy, works in Denver.
And it goes, comes with you, Jennifer.
He opens for me, you know, you want an opener that you can trust.
And I got an alert on my email the first time. Like if you,
if it senses movement, it alerts you. And I open it up and there's my dog,
Bella, just in the thing. I'm like, this is so cool. I'm just like, I mean,
I'm in Denver and I'm looking at my office and I thought,
wouldn't that be a cool beginning of a horror movie.
If you get an alert on your phone and back at home,
there's a guy to staring in the camera. Right?
That's a good premise for a movie. So then I,
as I'm saying that to my opening act who wasn't a ghost,
I get another alert and then this comes up.
Oh yeah. You can see it up there.
Do I, do you have a picture of crystal Lee on your wall?
He's obsessed with crystal. Leah. We just found out, look at that, bro.
That's Deleah Chris, keep away from Tom something.
You might not know.
Love to Leah, but that's George Carlin.
That's a man with a wrench.
Yeah. Or a man in a trench coat with an Uzi. This is 10 o'clock at night.
The only people home or my wife and my daughter. This is on the second floor.
There is no shadow coming in the thing. It's a ghost.
That's.
A legitimate, that's.
A person. That's not a person for sure. My wife was the only one in the house.
Hmm.
And you think that was a gun? His hand could be a clipboard.
Maybe he's just a really annoying surveyor from the dead.
He's just like a few moments of your time. This report.
Was it moving or something? No,
but I have a video of another thing in the same office. So.
I could show you, this.
Is weird.
Yeah.
It looks way different in this picture when it's small than it does when it's
large. W which is scarier. When it's large, it looks more like a person.
Can you make it even bigger? Jamie, can you make his image larger? Hmm.
I have a ghost in my house. And then we hear things like.
Yeah, see, it does seem, it seems like, you know, the light is behind him,
right? Like, yeah. He like you, the outside right.
Edge of it is sort of highlighted. Like there's a light behind him.
It doesn't look very gun though. It is weird. I mean, it could a gun.
And then I got this video. It could.
Be a saws all over here. Ready to say.
Looking for bread. He's got to fix her big. Britain's got.
Electric cerated. Chef's nice, man. Chop up some bread, bro.
So have you ever had an experience that you could say you think is
probably a ghost car?
Everybody in the house has had a little something. Is your house old?
It's not old, but like Poltergeist.
Right? It's all over in Indian burial ground. You.
Never know. You never know what. Look at this video.
In the same office from the nest.
You got a video. Let me see what's going on.
What am I looking at?
Yeah. Did the thing move? No. Can you press play again? Okay.
Same camera. What's that? So bug.
Bro, it's a bug. A hundred percent. That's.
A bug.
It's a bug because it's a bug. It's moving in front of the camera.
It flies around doing loop de loops. That's a bug. It's probably a moth.
Oh my God. You're a little fruitcake. I'm not afraid.
That is not, that's not bug. You're a crazy person. Look how it's sailing.
Is that what they call is a fruitcake crew cake is not, that's a gay person.
That's a gay person, but you can call someone a fruitcake of their nuts too.
Right? Isn't it.
Nuttier than a fruitcake. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What kind of that look how that go.
That's no bug. Look at that.
It's a hundred percent of bug you're out of your mind. That's a bug.
Do you want to see?
I would bet.
Drop it to me real quick.
All right. Airdrop.
To you. I would be all in the that's a bug. All right. That's not a ghost.
It's Tinkerbell. That's what it is. Your house is invaded by fairies.
But that goes to my, I believe in ghosts. Really?
And yeah, I do. And then, uh, my wife. Yeah,
we've all had little things go on in the house. Kind of a little thing.
My wife thought someone was standing right behind her. She's doing the laundry.
She thought it was. My daughter turned in. There's no, there was a bug.
So. Thanks Jamie. Let's watch this. What's watch us.
Everyone at home can laugh and crazy. Tom. Papa is here we go.
Well, if you first the bug.
Oh look. Oh yeah. A flat paper. She's a paper.
All bugs. Look like a fortune cookie.
It's a bug. Listen to me. There was,
there's a thing that I got sucked into this. Stop.
Any bug that's.
On video artifact. This because it's moving very fast in front of the screen.
There's a precedent to this low resolution camera. That's in front of your desk.
This is a security camera, low resolution.
Doesn't take a lot of frames per second.
The reason why it's so elongated is because it's passing by this camera.
And the thing is taking multiple exposures while, while it moves through.
There's a thing called, um, is that George Carlin behind your desk?
Is that what it is? That's the.
That's the crystal, Leah. It moved.
To the other side. George Carlin. Is that who it actually is?
It's George Carlin. That's pretty cool. You got that of your desk. Yeah. Um,
the there's a thing called Roswell rods. See how it looks all long like that.
And Roswell rods.
There was this guy that me and Eddie Bravo back in the
smoke too much weed every day days. Uh,
we were convinced that there were these things that were
moving too fast for the human eye to see.
And there there's gelatinous jellyfish, like creatures,
they're shaped like a tube. That's how these ideas see how they look,
see those things. Yeah. Yeah.
Where'd you get the idea.
You'd see, seen a video. See that one, that black and white one where it shows,
right, right above your cursor, Jamie to the right, right there.
Click on that one. Yeah.
That sort of iconic image of the Roswell rod had me convinced
like, oh my God, there's these things in the sky.
And the only way you can capture them was with video cameras.
So it set these video cameras up and they would get these things on video.
And this guy made this documentary. I think a couple of documentaries.
I think if you go to Roswell rods.com a whole website dedicated to it,
it is nothing but a video artifact.
Once there's a show called, um,
one of those monster shows one of those history channel shows or discovery
channel shows he, uh, and they solved the mystery.
They set up two cameras in front of this fireplace or found this, um,
campfire. Yeah. One of them was at a campfire. No,
I think it was actually a lantern. What, whatever it was,
they set up these two cameras.
One of them was standard resolution and the other one was HD.
So one of them captured multiple frames per second, like many, many,
many frames per second, very high resolution. And in that one,
you clearly see bugs.
Clearly you see a very easily defined bug in the other one.
That's low resolution and it doesn't capture as many frames per second.
All those images are stretched out and it looks like tubes.
So in the exact same place at the exact same time with two
cares right next to each other, two very different images.
One of them is all stretched out from the low resolution camera.
Like your security camera. The other one is high resolution.
You can see it's clearly a bug. I guarantee you 1000000%. That is a bug.
All right.
By that one, see if you can find that I'm convinced, but that other one.
Ghost lover, bro.
I am a ghost lover. I love all of it. I love being in a spooky old house,
a nice old church theaters.
The comedy store belly room scares me sometimes. Yeah.
I've taken people up there and go, let's just,
just stand here and tell me if you don't feel weird in the belly room,
there's something about the belly room. I go above those stairs. It's just like,
there's something about that room, especially when there's no show going on.
It just feels like your body's telling me you get the out of here. Right?
Let's get outta here. What is that? You're a.
You're in the stairs. Not me.
Me. I'm a. I'm talking to myself.
The back one off the main room, the dressing area.
Whenever you're back there by yourself. That's a weird feeling.
It's a sketchy spot. Yeah. That's a really weird feeling. Isn't that?
Where Kennison said he saw like a didn't he see like a quarter moving the air,
something.
A pound of cocaine that night
guys snorted so much Coke. Who the does what he.
Saw? He's not a good, uh, no.
What Carla Bo,
who was Kinnison sidekick had a great story about getting kicked out of the
common store.
And he told it on stage one night that he got kicked out of the comedy store.
Excuse me, kicked out of his home. Uh, got in a fight with his wife, you know,
get out, you. You know, I'm, I'm going to the comedy store.
So he went to the comedy store to,
cause I think he was working security at the store. So he had keys. So he said,
I'm going to sleep on this stage. I'm going to make it one day.
I want to be a big famous comedian. Almost. This is my stage.
I want to sleep here.
So he slept there dark main room in the dark and he hears something
in the background and he hears like a door, click click,
and he picks his head up. Pitch-black can't see. Hello.
It's Carl. Hey, uh, I got kicked out of my house. I'm sleeping here.
If anybody's here wondering, and then he hears chairs, movement, clink, clink,
clink, clink. And he's like, what the is going on? Hello?
And then something grabs him by the ankle and pulls him off the stage into the
crowd,
into where the seats are crashing into the chairs and then boom,
the door shuts and boom, another door shuts. And it's gone.
And he's laying on the ground in the middle of the main room with a bunch of
knocked over chairs.
Something had grabbed his ankle and pulled him off the stage. Or,
or he did a lot of Coke with Cason. He was.
Right. And he was another one. Yeah.
But it's a great story. That is a great story.
He told it on stage one night at the store. Holy.
Yeah. That's a good question.
I've never asked the audience if they feel weird in there.
No, I don't think they do. They're drunk. They're drunk.
And they're watching a show having a good time.
Yeah. They're having fun.